# Go API client for openapi

The CN-WAN Reader implements the [service discovery](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Service_discovery)
pattern by connecting to a service registry and observing changes in
registered services/endpoints. Detected changes are then processed and sent
as events to the API endpoints defined below.

Events are **sent** to the following endpoints, thus any program interested
in receiving them must generate the *server* code from this OpenAPI
specification and define their own logic in the generated code.

By default, the CN-WAN Reader expects the server that will receive events
to operate on port `80` and receive events on `/cnwan/events`, but if your
server uses a different port/endpoint you can override this value on the
generated server code with the one your server is using.
Once done, when launching the CN-WAN Reader specify the correct endpoint by
providing it as a command line argument, e.g. with
`--adaptor-api localhost:9909` events will be sent on
`localhost:9909/events`, and with `--adaptor-api example.com/another/path`
events will be sent to `example.com/another/path/events`.

As a final note, please take in mind that this specification can also serve
as a reference/guide for the creation of an adaptor.  
As a matter of fact, your adaptor can even provided its own OpenAPI which
includes the endpoints described here with different descriptions and
different meanings for the response codes, or it can even include other
endpoints as well. But as long as formats, returned response code and the
endpoints of this specification match the ones on your adaptor's
specification, compatibility with CN-WAN Reader is guaranteed.

## Overview
This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [OpenAPI-spec](https://www.openapis.org/) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: 1.0.0 beta
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.GoClientCodegen

## Installation

Install the following dependencies:

```shell
go get github.com/stretchr/testify/assert
go get golang.org/x/oauth2
go get golang.org/x/net/context
go get github.com/antihax/optional
```

Put the package under your project folder and add the following in import:

```golang
import "./openapi"
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://localhost/cnwan*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*EventsApi* | [**SendEvents**](docs/EventsApi.md#sendevents) | **Post** /events | Last observed events


## Documentation For Models

 - [Errors](docs/Errors.md)
 - [Event](docs/Event.md)
 - [Metadata](docs/Metadata.md)
 - [ResourceResponse](docs/ResourceResponse.md)
 - [Response](docs/Response.md)
 - [Service](docs/Service.md)


## Documentation For Authorization

 Endpoints do not require authorization.



## Author

cnwan@cisco.com

